In this video we're going to look at the actual generation of the documentation.
So we've been setting up to generate a lot of the snippets we've looked at the snippets but we haven't
looked at the final product yet.
And let's start setting that up.
So the first thing I want to do is just go ahead.
I'm gonna run a clean and then we'll do a package so can get a first set of resources generated through
maven and we want to take a look at what's being generated and also some of the MAVEN output because
there's some errors here I've intentionally left them here so that we can go in and see the problems
and then address them.
So there's actually a couple of things happening right now we can see that.
Ask your doctor is saying hey we didn't find these files so you can see that we have snippets orders
curl requests and so on.
These are not getting generated because if we come in here and take a look at the target and the generated
snippets we can see we have one beer and then also the problem is we have one folder.
This is a complete setup of the documentation.
But if you go in here you'll notice that we have two endpoints that we're actually generating documentation
on and we are getting the get requests but we are not getting the new request for the post I think was.
And what's happening here is we are overwriting each other.
So this is not not quite right.
And our template is wrong.
So two things wrong one we are not generating all the documentation that we want and two if we look
at their index this is not functioning correctly.
So let's go ahead and we'll go in and fix the documentation generation and what's controlling this is
this identifier.
So this is going into v 1 beer so I'm going to change this.
So I just do V1 beer new and there's actually several strategy says that how to deal with this.
As far as setting this up this does need to be unique to the operation.
So here I may have misspoke earlier in the.
And one of the videos but this does need to be unique to the operation.
Otherwise what's happening is we don't get the proper documentation generated.
So we do need a folder generated for that.
So that V1 beer new and then here for the update.
I'm sorry.
I misspoke there should be V1 get and then the
this one I want to be new since we are creating a new object and you can call this anything you want.
You might want to do a post get to keep things matching the operations but here I'm just doing new as
far as I know there is no convention here.
I'm sure companies have developed conventions around this so if there's something in place you definitely
want to be following that at an organization that you're working for.
So then go in here and clean this and let's go ahead and do a package and examine that documentation
that gets generated
so I can see that they weren't found it again towards our index.
But let's take a look at the generation themselves now in the generation snippets we have V1 beer get
and V1 beer new I have updated the index
and cut and paste into here because I don't think you guys want to see any type all this out they size
is a little bit so you can see here.
Now I have to get beer and new beer and we are bringing in the get request and then the new request.
And here we might want include additional properties so you can see these snippets are getting generated.
I'm not teaching ASCII dark as to how it assembles everything there's a lot of capabilities here I'm
not getting into there's a lot of things that we can do with ASCII Doc I just want give you some fundamental
understanding to see how this generates documentation.
So now let's go ahead and clean this again and we'll do another package and this is going to assemble
things and we shouldn't get a errors in in the logs.
No that should clean up those red lines that we saw previously and we'll get properly I'm using air
quotes properly generated documentation and see that ASCII doctor just ran there and there's no longer
any warnings in the council so we can come in here and this is going to be going to the generated dock.
That's where the ASCII dock output is.
So just to recap the generated snippets these are getting assembled.
So I ask you docks looking at this index a dock and ultimately creating this index file.
So let's go ahead and take a look at that inside of chrome.
So here in Chrome This is the index documentation that was created.
And we can see very very simple documentation.
And these are some of the things that are being generated for us as far as a response field so we can
go in and add in the type information for these guys and see some additional things.
And one thing I'm going to do here is I'm going to make a little change this documentation to show you
how simple it is.
We're not getting the property so notice these response fields.
This is not where we're we're doing that custom constraint validator.
So let's go ahead and add that and I'm going to come in here I'm going to jump over to ontology and
we want to get these requests fields.
So let's go in here and I'm going to say
and this time we're just going to copy that include.
Now we want to come in for the new and we're gonna replace this little a duck snippet with the request
so if you remember a few videos ago we talked about creating these requests fields where we added in
the constraint information.
So let's go ahead and packages up again and this is going to cause a rewrite not generate anything a
anything new or different here so I'm just going to allow it to rewrite rather than do a clean and package.
So make sure that everything's happy as we go through the build process
so we're getting a warning about a legal reflective access so that that is a Java 11 thing.
So let's jump back over to Chrome and do a refresh on this file
and now we can see that we do have the request fields there and happy with how it's looking so I'm going
to pause this and see if I can get the formatting correctly so I went in and took a look.
I am not the expert in a dog by any means but I took a look to see what was different.
So we have formatting differences between what we had and it's actually should be.
So we did have things different before ups should be like so
so everything should be aligned to the margins.
So before we we had a bunch of spaces out there some download to show you what was there before.
So again this is in the resources request field snippet one that we created during the one of the previous
lectures on the documenting constraints we added in the snippet.
So this is a template for the snippet and that was generating incorrectly so when I did that and refreshed
the Chrome browser so it can't jump over the chrome.
Now we can see that the request fields we have a properly formatted table and here we can see that we
are actually getting the type information.
There is an additional property for these where we could give it the type information that differences.
Remember we built that helper method to go in and do it the reflection to get the constraint information
that is also gathering type information for us.
So we do get a couple of benefits to doing that.
So again there's a number I mean you literally have like a swiss army knife of options here as to how
to generate your documentation there's a lot that you can be doing with it.
So I'm just trying to give you the basic tools I'm getting your rest documentation going with spring
rest docs here.